---
layout: post
title: "space"
date: 2016-12-29 15:09:46 +0800
date_formatted: 2016-12-29 15:09
comments: true
categories: design-statement
---
<video id="video" controls="" preload="none" poster="http://media.w3.org/2010/05/sintel/poster.png">
  <source id="mp4" src="/images/space.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

It is a game of solving space puzzles via unreal 3 engines. As a middle school student, I was so deeply impressed by a PSP game called Echochrome that I managed to design via space a puzzle-solving game called SPACE.

The most important part of SPACE is its controllably moving stages and long-distance gangplank. Because the game was placed in a complicated space, the specific position of moving stages is affected by the player’s eye shot. With its complicated structuring, the game always perplexes the player unguided by a good lens. In the beginning, my friends felt rather perplexed in playing the game, because they did not know where changes came from after starting the gear. Thus, I devised many sub-lens to hint the player about changes on space structuring. For example, when a stage is moved, a sub-lens will be triggered to stretch the camera so that the player knows where the space structuring is changing. This has made the whole game process much easier and smoother.

In designing the game SPACE, I have realized that players’ more than designers’ experience should be focused in designing games. Otherwise, players will be perplexed. Therefore, in designing a good game, players’ experience should never be over-emphasized.
