---
layout: post
title: "α"
date: 2016-12-29 15:07:12 +0800
date_formatted: 2016-12-29 15:07
comments: true
categories: design-statement
---
<video id="video" controls="" preload="none" poster="http://media.w3.org/2010/05/sintel/poster.png">
  <source id="mp4" src="/images/a.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

Although computer games designed by companies are becoming more and more complicated and increasing in their game parts, a good game does not necessarily need to have abundant game parts. In my opinion, as long as it is uniquely designed, a simple game can be listed as GOOD. With this perspective, I have managed to design a 2D AVG game called α.

The most basic operations in playing α are moving up and down, left and right, skipping, emitting bullets and space transmission which is the most importance operation. Focused on space transmissions I have designed many obstacles such as walls which can be passed through by bullets. A man can pass through these walls only if he resorts to space transmission. There walls have two forms and during their rainbow form, even bullets cannot pass through. And, space transmission is limited because it can only reach as far as 9 distance units. Under this circumstance, I have designed a regularly-movable platform, which works with various gear puzzles to increase the fun in playing α . 

During the process of game designing, I have learnt to lead the player via the game itself as well as the story board. Besides, I have managed to make the whole game-playing process funny and interesting by controlling the game rhythm with stage plans. Most of all, I have realized that it has turned out a great success to polish a simple thing to its utmost. 
